 - Components like button.styl could do with better separation of responsibilities. Quite a lot of variants seem to just add icons, which could be down to another component exclusively responsible for button icons
 - Suggestion adoption of Patternlab.io conventions on grouping by folder: Atoms, Molecules, Organisms, Templates, Pages. For example button.styl appears to be responsible for more than just how buttons look in isolation but also how buttons relate to each other, or in different scenarios. This should probably be the responsibility of a wider, abstract Molecule or Organism e.g a ContextualMenu, ln.1284.
 - Some mixture of Hungarian-Notation-like selectors (e.g u-ceiling), with Suit-style title case ones. I'm unclear whether this is all Suit or not. A more consistent approach might help onboarding.
 - Comments don't suggest a "Living styleguide" approach in use (although I expect a styleguide does exist). I'd suggest KSS. This would help quickly groking the styles available in a given component. It took me a while to find ".Button .Button--link", for example.
 - I have no specific solution for this, but it would be nice to know sooner which, if any, component variants are expected to be applied in combination (e.g ".Button .Button--link") and which can be used standalone.
 - Personally I dislike too much use of non-semantic classes e.g u-size9of12 u-md-size10of12 u-lg-size10of12. I'd rather an Organism or Molecule take responsibility for its own layout within its own CSS rules/files, rather than depending on the developer to remember the correct mixture of ingredients in the HTML. This is very much a marmite topic though.
 - Some inconsistent indenting, a bugbear of mine :) e.g ceiling.styl vs button.styl
 - I'm not familiar with Stylus, but I don't see much use of the stylus features (the obvious exception being u-maxSize.styl), making stylus a potentially unnecessary overhead if PostCSS could do that.
